Hi everyone. Today's Thursday, April
30th. It's the last trading day of
April. And so we could see a little bit
of volatility here that's unusual. The
The biggest thing I find quite
extraordinary here as we look at the
E-mini S&P is the size of this Globex
candle. Now,
could this have been Whoa. Could this
have been um
earnings
associated with Amazon?
Potentially.
But I I don't know.
The bottom line, however, is that it is
still within the trading range of all of
the candles for the entire week and
indeed into last week. So we're still
essentially range bound, but this means
we're in a coil. Now, what's going on?
Let's take a look at trend.
Let's get this guy out of the way.
All right. So on a 30-minute chart, we
are looking at still an upward 200. It's
telling us that dip buys are
valid and we can see that clearly. They
are defending 71 135,
let's say. Let's put that on the edge.
And that is
what we will call the floor of this
sideways formation.
If it gets below that, wait for it to
recover before you take a long. It's
also right at the edge of the gamma
line, which puts us between positive and
negative gamma, and charts
[clears throat] are still holding in
this bullish trend. Now,
I suspect that we rotate down, but it is
being very stubborn here. So, you know,
like Brian Shannon says, if the market
doesn't scare you out, it'll wear you
out.
And so that is uh something that we're
looking at. We've got a 50 that's sort
of sideways.
A VWAP that's all over the place.
First we were below it, then we were
above it. If you want to take the long
after it captures the VWAP, there's no
problem with that, but we're still range
bound. And to me,
this top of the range around 7185
is the zone
that if we spend a lot of time up there,
it could easily go
the call wall. 7200.
The put wall is still at 7100.
No, it is at
6900. So they are positioning
for a fade,
leaving things as they are here. They're
not rolling that put wall up. They're
leaving the call wall steady. They're
not rolling the call wall up. So it It
appears that bigger money is sort of
okay in the wash, rinse, repeat cycle.
All right. That being said, we are above
the pivot. We have positive momentum.
And, you know, we're above these moving
averages. So, dips are still buys.
You just don't want to hold them for
long up here. Can you sell the bounces?
Well, yes, but you'd need a different
formation to look at. You'd look at the
15-minute, right where that 200 is
arching down. You can see that they are
hunting resistance. So you wouldn't get
short anywhere near here. You'd let them
go try it. And
you know, my thought would be
7200 would make a fair area for a short.
Notice the compression of these moving
averages. It means the traders are
really landlocked in a battle. So you
want to be careful.
Pick your edges
or places where you see a lot of things
going on. All right? From a support
perspective.
Let's take a look at the NQ.
NQ,
also a very big Globex. And uh this is
I don't know if it was news. It could
have been news. But we are still Here's
Thursday, Wednesday, Tuesday, Monday,
Friday,
Thursday. So we are still trending up.
It is still buy the dip here.
We are still making higher lows.
Tech is really bucking the trend so far,
but we are definitely still making
higher lows.
Holding the gamma wall. What's the floor
here?
24,000
185.
If it loses that edge, step to the side
if you're looking for longs. Wait for it
to recover and then take the trade. Wait
for it to recover. What do you mean? Go
to a smaller time frame.
Look on the edge.
If you watch it break, wait for it to
recover, and then you know where your
stop is.
Right?
There's the anchored VWAP from the prior
day.
But that's what I mean by
um wait for it to recover. Okay. Where's
the top of the range? Well, it already
broke the Globex high once like it did
in the ES.
Just went a little bit above, but it
also broke
the call wall. 27,000
900.
Interesting.
The put wall.
Look at how far below it is. They're not
adjusting it.
Not adjusting that put wall.
That
We're going to have to watch that very
carefully because that is saying they
are
um holding the area like they're going
to have downside pressure
and they're okay with that.
Okay?
All right. So, highs
currently, if you want to take If you
want to try a short here because things
look very fluidly up, I would say all
the way to the top here, 27,620.
Wait for it to fail.
You can use Dakota's three-bar reversal.
Just wait for it to fail and then come
down and
uh take the trade.
Short, right? After it loses the ledge.
My thought is, hey, you failed to close
higher.
You wait for the break of resistance and
then
the next candlestick Excuse me. Wait for
the break of support and then the next
candlestick you move in. All right. It's
always a failure to head higher, a break
of frontline support,
and then a rotation downward. Okay?
Downside, value area low, 27,100,
and then 27,000 or so.
But this is very very sideways.
Thursday,
I don't know what Thursday naturally
brings, but this Globex candle, huge.
Huge Globex candle.
It's trapping a lot of information
there, and so I think it runs the show.
I'm going to peek at the YM.
Wow.
What just happened?
Look at that.
That's got to be news. We'll check it
out later. But that is still resistance,
folks. See the trend?
Great short up here at this broken
pivot. Of course, it ripped everybody to
shreds down here if they were thinking
that price action was going to continue
to head lower.
That was a fast.
All right. Let's go to Bitcoin.
This will tell us about liquidity.
It's still damp.
Where was the biggest volume candle of
the day for these guys?
Right around here, 2:00.
Intraday traders measuring that edge.
And so
they're battling with that right now.
What's trend? Down. 200 down, 50 down.
Above the VWAP. So the VWAP is flat.
That's messy. Momentum is up.
They're trying to find
resistance. Look at where the put wall
is. 78,000. Enthusiastic traders moving
the put wall
too high. So it's no longer defense.
It's something that's going to
accelerate downside if they stay
underneath here.
So what is the trade?
The trade is
you know, they want to recover this put
wall.
But trend says they've got downward
flow. So my thought is the bounce is the
sell. If you want to take it long up
into the 200, you can,
but it's tricky. So I would simply wait
for the 200, let it get there,
and then try the short
at the 77,000
500 area,
maybe.
And take it down into 70
3,000.
Right here. This is very noisy, but it
is grinding lower. It is grinding lower.
And of course,
these
I don't know who is playing with these
options here, but
they're just not positioning these walls
carefully. You can tell that's much more
risk
uh risk on kind of thing. They're not
They're not risk sensitive at all. All
right. Let's go to oil.
Nice fade.
Nice fade in oil.
We drew these two Fibonacci's to seek
confluence.
Um let's remove this one.
It's holding this one fairly well. It
came right up to the tick.
This is
Wow.
What put wall is that? Okay, so this is
the zero DTE put wall.
So that's going to be a frontline uh
support area because we also have a
pivot. Look at the stair steps on these
pivots.
Very nice upward flow.
If they lose this edge,
they're headed back to the 200. Now, a
lot of people wanted the 200 simple
moving average. A lot of people want
that to happen, right? But where are
they arguing?
Here's the highest flow of the day.
They want to try that as a support. So
some people are going to be trying to
carry that bounce. Remember, upward
flowing these big averages, the 50 and
the 200.
If they break, they are looking for
interim support that will bring them
back to the upside. What's the trade
here?
The view app is down,
but still rising. The anchored view app
is still the floor of support, and
that's $104.66.
If it breaks that area and you're trying
to go long, step out of the way.
If you're trying to go short,
wait for it to try to get back up into
the box and fail.
And when it loses the box, you can take
the short down into the 200,
the next box, right?
This area very, very important. So I
would expect that they try to bounce. If
they can't get up over the view app,
that's also a good short. That number is
107.
Gold.
We rolled in gold, and so now we're
here. Big rebound.
We need this, right? When we have charts
that flow, let's go into the last
contract, right? Because the contract
rolled. You can see all the
uh How do you know what contracts
rolled? Well, because all the volume
dries up.
How do you know that the volume's dried
up?
Because one,
the volume bars don't show any volume,
and two,
the formation looks like this with
jagged pieces all over the place, right?
These are people trying to get out. They
follow generally the same direction as
the new contract, right? And this one is
right at its 200, but
this one is over its 200. Now, what's
the storyboard? Well, we're going to use
this. I know you're thinking, "Lady,
pick a chart." What I want to see is
where the big flow is
from the prior contract. That's 4680.
All right.
So there's about
There's about a $30 difference between
one contract and the other.
And 4680 isn't all the way It's all the
way up here.
This flow,
remember, this is a sharp downward
formation, so it's going to find uh
a terminal point, right? It's the point
where it stops moving up, starts moving
down. It's that
that
terminal flow. I would say velocity, but
it velocity.
Some people argue about that because
we're looking in another dimension, but
that's fine. Whatever. Doesn't matter.
We're looking for a top.
Where everybody says,
"Shh, I can't go any further." Looks
like it's right here.
Right? Now, if we break this number,
57,
right?
We are very likely to find the flow
all the way up to 4690.
And if that happens, then then we take
over the short. But right here, this is
an ideal short zone.
Um it could easily kiss the 200 at the
4642 and bounce, but
rotate back down. So you want to be
careful here, and remember, gold carries
a lot
of leverage, and it can move very
quickly. Where do you want it to go down
to? Well, I believe this trend
is down, and it's a continuation down.
If we look at the 4-hour, we can see
this 4690 sort of jamming up against
this moving average, which is why I
suspect this is where we're off to, but
we'll see.
The 4-hour
also sitting at that spot,
and then the daily
Hmm.
The daily doesn't have much of anything
there except for
prior congestion.
All right.
So we're good.
Back to our 30. We know that
if it comes here,
if it falls down and it holds this
4620-ish
area, could easily go to 4690, and that
will be
our zone where we start looking for a
new short that can trend for several
days. Okay?
Let's take a look at spy.
>> [snorts]
>> Wow.
This is very interesting.
4-hour candlestick, gigantic.
Holds the lows of the prior day,
and now here we are at the top of this
zone.
What does this look like?
Looks like a gigantic range.
So what does this tell you?
One, if you're long options,
you better get out when it hits these
targets and not hold it to move on to
the north. Why? You're going to have
theta decay, you're going to have gamma
decay, and eventually, when it rotates
back down, you're going to have delta
decay.
Okay? So
this is sideways, sideways formations.
Move it down, move it up,
and
Wow. This This behavior is
very interesting.
Look at the This also same.
Now it's tracking the 1600.
I mean, the 1800 candle.
That's
What a mash pit. Very, very, very messy.
So what's the storyboard? Bounce into
the call wall, consider short.
Pull back down to value area low, little
bit above, maybe $708,
you take the long.
Everything else is literally a coin
toss. You've got a moving average
that's trending up, so the buyers
are going to find floors here.
I do not have any idea what's going to
happen
up here, and so if we get to the top of
the range and it breaks the north, the
call wall at 715 needs to hold. If it
bounces up and fades, you're in great
shape.
Just like it did 3 days ago.
If, however,
it holds above there, it's got another
run to the north.
Zero DTE put wall
and the big put wall
right on top of each other. Who's ever
seen this?
Interesting.
Wow, we're going to have a volatile day
ahead. You want to be careful,
but not too careful. Trade your trends.
If it comes in, pulls back, move up.
Just take profit. Take profit when it
comes into the resistance zones. That's
all I can say. All right, everybody. See
you later.